Well, welcome back.
It's time to go.
This Independence Day problem and.
Buddy.
Yippee!
Think.
Try this.
So what is the input that we have got?
We have got.
Let's take an input.
And it's rated normally position eight.
So we have to take a graph first.
So for that, I usually take.
Good to have it, Stig.
The input, of course.
We'll be needing in.
Or I goes from zero to N minus one.
Quickly taking the input to make this artery.
X and this becomes very.
So and I was under 10 minutes when X and Y got it.
Now, what should be the final answer?
Should be simple.
BP.
Let's take anything as a route.
Let's take one of that or not.
But if I'm bringing in black plastic.
Plus if I'm printing it quite so deep one and quite so it is deep even.
Well.
So instead of having this type of thing, let's write a function, BP, which will give me one comma,
one and one comma zero.
That means I'm bringing that.
So I'm either burning it black or white.
And of course, guys, we have to worry about the modular part.
We'll do that later.
It's not a big deal.
So let's take.
Marred by 99 plus seven.
And.
Whenever I'm adding it, I just think Martin simply submitted it.
Yeah, I think that should work.
Full military to be a function.
And Africa's evolution so deep current.
And we have Rwanda be there forever.
And I'm giving your dad the I'm giving it black or white.
So initially.
The answer is, one, we all look for the leaf, not because for the leaf not will never go inside this
fun, which is the child for loop.
So for all the child we are going for the continued.
So what we have is we know that when we perform in the office, this child can be a parent, too, right?
So we have this special condition, the danger of not being able to parent.
We all know that.
Well.
So yeah so here we have entree goes to one child should not be called a parent we have to pass parent
also because we do not know what are the parents of the nurse until unless we perform our DFS then passing
zero as imagining imaginary parent of one.
This should not be a problem it's normally of is eight and yeah.
So here we have two conditions that if paint it means if it is right that means the parent is very different
is one then answer is simply nothing but BP.
Child.
We can be entered zero.
It means again painted black.
And what will be the weight in order?
It will be current.
Let me increase the font.
Well, that means I can paint that I know to be black.
Also, I can be honest.
I know to be.
Right.
And guarantees that it would not.
Of course your deposit would not.
And it won't be.
Plus, it will be multiplication.
Eight.
So.
Okay, let me write it properly.
My daughter.
Understand?
Yeah.
So if I'm bringing a fight, that means it should be multiplied in on.
So what should be multiplied?
Be.
Child painted black Oscar and as a parent plus DP child.
Painted white and bass got into the fitting eight.
So when I'm adding them and I'm multiplying it to the answer.
Let's stick on surf.
Martello.
Well.
And if it is, if I'm bringing it back, then what was the answer?
If I'm doing it black, if I'm just branding it black, that means.
I can.
Being the child needs to be only white.
So that means it depends on the child.
One.
But it is a run rate.
So let's take this on somewhat low here.
Well, that will be for both these lives.
And finally, what we'll do is build on that.
And so let's build this one.
Okay.
So here's another problem.
Well, I don't.
I don't see.
Okay.
Denzel Big.
We?
So we started from envy going deal and minus when we are taking the input, we have DP 110.
We're starting from the first note.
We are we are having to be 100 and.
We are living it white or black.
So if I have a paint, I mean, I'm coloring, right?
That means.
The giant notes can be coloured either white or black will advise the child can only be coloured is
quite so here.
I don't think I need to have a base case because let's see if it's a leaf.
Not even all this volume wouldn't work.
Eight.
If this follow won't work, or if not, that means answer was one and I'm simply running one.
For both the parents, the answer will be one.
Wait.
Let me build this.
So what we are getting.
Is there a problem in this?
Not so very long fight.
And let me copy this.
What we are getting.
We are getting.
Nine.
And Bobby this.
157 holidays.
So this is a working solution.
You can check this and.
It's a medicine.
Ed Gordon, I'll try to give you the next problem, but you should try it.
Okay.
So, of course, guys, this is a working solution.
But here's one thing that we have missed.
Or said one thing that we missed.
Memories.
We can easily see that all these are being calculated again and again.
Eight whenever one will be called in that.
The child will be called eight and it sailed through again.
The next day it will be going well.
So there are so we have to use memorization because again and again there are so many goals being met.
If you want to check out how many calls are being made, just take and take a variable increment.
The count they take account and do count plus, plus and check thereby.
Also, many calls are being made.
Of course this is not an optimal solution because it's just a regression or DB is optimizing equation.
So how do we optimize it?
Easy, right?
We take a memo.
Let's take memo one and two by two because it can be either black or white.
We are not storing beer and we don't have to store braiding because every child or so every current
node will have exactly one parent in India.
We all know that with this passing you bypass the stick and I think it's great.
So yeah.
So initially what we'll do is we'll simply set.
I'm said.
Memo minus one size of.
Memo will be sitting at minus one and we all know how we do things.
The memo.
Current and print.
Pull and take it this.
Yeah.
And if you move on, we'll say answer is equal to one.
Otherwise, if answer is not equal to.
Minus one written answer.
Otherwise, Megan set a goal to one into the last part.
Food knowledge, summitry.
And yes, after recording this audition, after trying this, I would like to like.
I want you to try this problem.
Vortex cover from high spin on unlimited eight.
So do do do give this problem a try because you have actually learned how these deep countries work.
But if you try this problem, it will strengthen your priorities, of course.
And of course you can try numerous problems that you want 20 countries to standard of.
What I do is whenever I'm learning a new topic, I just do around ten problems at the medium or hide
from the topic so that I get a good grasp of the topic.
Like how is it actually working?
Eight.
So here are two problems for you.
So it's a correct solution.
We have seen and it's working exactly fine.
Well, for us in the next five guys, I hope you like this solution.